# WT_CW1_00014333
I created a clone version of the Cambridge Learning Center website, to build this website I used HTML, CSS, and javascript. The website has 6 pages, namely: Cambridge, courses, branches, preferences, results, and registration page. The first screen is about the center, it has a short description of Cambridge. I used the header and footer section here and on the body page, I added 2 div elements into 1 big div to make items in the center. The Courses page also has a header and footer section and in the body, I gave information about the list of courses that centers offer to students and a list of things that the center gives you after applying to the center. I used javascript here for changing the contents of information inside a list of things after clicking the course that the student applied to. The next page is about branches. Here I gave information about Cambridge branches in Tashkent, it has 8 branches. I used the header and footer section, and in the body, I gave information about the street, metro, and pictures of the places, for creating this I used javascript for scrolling the next place that I gave to arrows, when you click to right arrow it shows next place or the opposite when you click the left arrow it shows the behind the places. The next page is about the preferences of this learning center. It gives information about the list of advantages of the center, to create this screen I used CSS flexbox layout, which helps me to put context rows. On the Results page, I gave information about students who already get the IELTS Certificates with the help of this center. Here students see contents by clicking the arrow left and right, to create this website I also use javascript knowledge which I get during the seminars. And the last page is the registration page where students can register for the first free lesson.

Link of GitHub
https://github.com/00014333/WT_CW1_00014333.git

Link of Netlify.app
https://00014333.netlify.app/
